hello and welcome to another Q video
today I'm going to be showing you how to
get a new mount it's called the reins of
the vitreous stone Drake and it drops
from a mob cool slab hide slab hide is
one of the bosses in the instant stone
core and the good news about this mount
is us it can drop on normal as well as
heroic and you can solo normal I didn't
try this on heroic I went on normal
marine why make it harder than necessary
huh huh so I did this on normal I've got
to say it was pretty easy to solo my way
to this boss and this boss did not pose
any problems whatsoever for me it
getting to the boss was a bit slower
than I would have liked because I did
this as blood so I tanked my way through
lots of self-healing no problem no foul
it did make me wonder if this could be
done as DPS I do think this is durable
as DPS
maybe with a bit of tanking gear on or
maybe as blood with DPS gear on Dan I'll
have to look into that alright so this
video is as long as it is because I
wanted to show you from start to finish
that I was soloing all the trash and the
first boss and then the trash before the
second boss just to show you how I did
it and I've got a few tips for you guys
basically you're going to want to target
and kill the earth shapers first which
are in the trash packs leading up to the
first boss this is because they do a
spell where they transform themselves
into something that does a lot of heavy
damage and if you're not healing class
or you don't have healing available to
you then that could pose a problem for
you so nuke them down the first
possibility wasn't a problem only in the
fact that it liked to dive beneath the
ground occasionally and you got ads the
ads were no problem at all they barely
did any damage now the rock giants which
you have to kill leading up to the
second boss just a gentle reminder if
you've not done this instance for a
while they do cast a spell called quake
and you must jump towards the end of the
cast so don't be standing on the ground
when quake has finished depending on
what class you are and what gear you
have it's not going to hurt you very
much if you don't avoid it
if you're a non-healing class or your
gear isn't very good then it's probably
for the best if you try to avoid as much
damage as possible just jump at the end
of quake and try to kill the little bomb
things that they spawn occasionally
because they blow up and do damage to
leading up to the second boss you can
ignore all the flare creatures just give
them a wide berth no problem at all and
when you come up to slab hide don't be
worried if the boss doesn't appear
straight away or doesn't land straight
away it can be a little bit buggy like
if you get there too quickly it seems to
bug out slightly but only in the fact
that there's a delay before the boss
lands be aware that there will be lava
appearing beneath your feet so basically
keep moving keep your eyes peeled and
when the boss goes in the air as melee
you can still hit him you just got to be
right underneath him but be aware of
those black stalactites that will be
falling down on top of your head you can
see where they go into land by the black
shadows that appear on the ground so
just move out of that the boss does do a
breath which it wasn't too bad it wasn't
too bad this time I wasn't lucky in
getting the mounts unfortunately someone
made a pretty good joke on the WoW head
forums in the comment section of this
particular boss and that was you'd think
a flying mount made a stone would drop
more
thank you very much muffin man you made
me low but it's true you think it would
drop more that's pretty much it
stone core is a five man instant set in
deepholm you'll be able to take a portal
there from Stormwind or Orgrimmar
depending on what faction you are the
porter will teleport you to the temple
of earth and if you just go outside the
entrance there fly up until your rights
you will see that instances right there
with pillars outside so you can't miss
it
another great thing to do with deep home
is there's actually another flying mount
you can get in this area there's a rare
volcanic Drake that can spawn is
actually two that can spawn but only one
of them drops amount so keep an eye out
for that one it's called iron axe back
when I was trying to camp it he was
pretty well farmed a couple times my NPC
scan went off scaring the hell out of me
with its klaxon
but it was only a corpse that it had
found yeah good luck if you're farming
that mount it's a bit like the timeless
proto Drake a lot of people camp in that
and it does share a spawn timer with
another rare in the area there's
actually in deepholm there's a second
rare Drake that you can see flying
circuits of deepholm and it's really
really high and there's you know there's
lots of pillars kind of around the
perimeter of deepholm the crater area in
the center there he flies or she flies
over the tops of those pillars but it
doesn't actually drop em out so all
right so I hope you enjoy this video
make sure to hit that like button let me
know that you like this sort of video so
that I can put more out for you I am
aware that a lot of you are here for
well videos and I do try to deliver on
those I'll be making some more let's
play mists of pandaria videos very soon
I was going to be doing that today and
then I discovered that the the beta
patch is like 20 gigs and I was going to
download it overnight so that it would
be ready for today but of course they
didn't and now it's downloading 20 gigs
of patch in fact it doesn't have to
download it all for me to be able to
play it so maybe I'll hop on there now
don't forget to leave a comment guys I
do like to interact with you let me know
how you're getting on if you have this
mount already grats to you don't forget
to check out my channel check out all my
other videos that I have available for
you and just generally have fun and game
guys I'll see you in the next video Tata